StatusReports/chesster-20260225.md, before:

# Project Status Report - 02/25/2026
## High Level Goal 
- Have a chess bot that can play a game, can train off of player data, and has full integration between frontend and backend components.

## Original Goals for the Week
- Mason
  - Finish datbase integration & provide proper documentation for how to access/use data in the database (2 days)
  - Ensure database is set up to properly store data for multiple users (2-3 days)
  - Assist UI/UX team with sending data from the frontend to the database (2 days)
- Danyuan
  - finish planning for the ML infrastructure pivot (2 days)
  - work with Shreyan to get the infrastructure for the new ML plans set up (3 days)
- Lebam
- Shreyan
  - Help create training script for new architecture (3 days)
  - Convert frontend UI to desktop app for gamma release (2 days)
- William
  - Modify existing ML code to match updated architecture (1-2 days)
  - Train a model, evaluate it, and connect it to our app for a prototype bot (3-4 days)
- Raghav
  - Work with ml team on new architecture tasks (7 days)

## Progress and Issues
- Mason
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Danyuan
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Lebam
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Shreyan
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- William
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Raghav
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:

## Questions for the Product Owner 
- List any questions for your TA to be discussed in your Thursday project meeting.

## Goals for Next Week 
- Mason
    - 
- Danyuan
    - 
- Lebam
    - 
- Shreyan
    - 
- William
    - 
- Raghav
    -

Commit message:

Added status report info for William

StatusReports/chesster-20260225.md, after:

# Project Status Report - 02/25/2026
## High Level Goal 
- Have a chess bot that can play a game, can train off of player data, and has full integration between frontend and backend components.

## Original Goals for the Week
- Mason
  - Finish datbase integration & provide proper documentation for how to access/use data in the database (2 days)
  - Ensure database is set up to properly store data for multiple users (2-3 days)
  - Assist UI/UX team with sending data from the frontend to the database (2 days)
- Danyuan
  - finish planning for the ML infrastructure pivot (2 days)
  - work with Shreyan to get the infrastructure for the new ML plans set up (3 days)
- Lebam
- Shreyan
  - Help create training script for new architecture (3 days)
  - Convert frontend UI to desktop app for gamma release (2 days)
- William
  - Modify existing ML code to match updated architecture (1-2 days)
  - Train a model, evaluate it, and connect it to our app for a prototype bot (3-4 days)
- Raghav
  - Work with ml team on new architecture tasks (7 days)

## Progress and Issues
- Mason
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Danyuan
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Lebam
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Shreyan
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- William
  - Progress:
    - Refactored, cleaned-up, and added comments to new code for new architecture
    - Set up test cases for various helper functions
    - Deleted all unnecessary code and files to match new architecture
    - Made PGN file cleaner more robust to different input types
  - Issues/Blockers:
    - Dockerfile issues with dependencies conflicts and TOS approval
    - Training issues with package conflicts and CPU-related limitations
- Raghav
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:

## Questions for the Product Owner 
- List any questions for your TA to be discussed in your Thursday project meeting.

## Goals for Next Week 
- Mason
    - 
- Danyuan
    - 
- Lebam
    - 
- Shreyan
    - 
- William
    - Peer review a project and contribute a bug/issue/feedback item while working with the rest of the team (4-5 days)
- Raghav
    -
