StatusReports/chesster-20260218.md, before:

# Project Status Report - 02/11/2026
## High Level Goal 
- Have a chess bot that can play a game and can train off of one person's data, and a front-end that allows users to play against the bot.

## Original Goals for the Week
- Mason
  - Set up code coverage tests (2 days)
  - Update scrum board & keep it organized (throughout the week)
  - Create internal documentation for auto-formatting and linting tools used in the project (2 days)
  - Assist data team with database code & code reviews as needed (3 days)
- Danyuan
  - write evaluation file for ML (2-3 days)
  - meet with the ML team to talk about the PRs that shreyan put up and come up with some plans for next steps (1 day)
- Lebam
- Shreyan
  - Work on fleshing out implementations for ML-UI interaction (2 days)
  - Write 10 more test cases (1 day)
- William
  - Finish training-related functions and begin integration with an existing model (2 days)
  - Perform additional feature engineering and evaluate potential models with different features (1-2 days)
- Raghav
  - Finish the Agent (1 day)
  - Review existing prs (1 day)
  - Create(and test) endpoints for ML pipeline - make move, train, etc (1-2 days)
  - Work with team to figure out and then work on what features we want to input to our model (1-2 days)

## Progress and Issues
- Mason
  - Progress:
    - Set up code coverage testing
    - Wrote PGN file parser (PGN is a file format used to store info about a chess game) and test cases
    - Wrote code to store PGN data in the database
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Danyuan
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Lebam
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Shreyan
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- William
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Raghav
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- General issues:
  - 

## Questions for the Product Owner 
- 

## Goals for Next Week 
- Mason
  - Ensure database is set up to properly store data for multiple users (2 days)
  - Assist UI/UX team with sending data from the frontend to the database (4 days)
- Danyuan
- Lebam
- Shreyan
- William
- Raghav

Commit message:

Added progress, issues, and goals for Danyuan, William, and Shreyan

StatusReports/chesster-20260218.md, after:

# Project Status Report - 02/11/2026
## High Level Goal 
- Have a chess bot that can play a game and can train off of one person's data, and a front-end that allows users to play against the bot.

## Original Goals for the Week
- Mason
  - Set up code coverage tests (2 days)
  - Update scrum board & keep it organized (throughout the week)
  - Create internal documentation for auto-formatting and linting tools used in the project (2 days)
  - Assist data team with database code & code reviews as needed (3 days)
- Danyuan
  - write evaluation file for ML (2-3 days)
  - meet with the ML team to talk about the PRs that shreyan put up and come up with some plans for next steps (1 day)
- Lebam
- Shreyan
  - Work on fleshing out implementations for ML-UI interaction (2 days)
  - Write 10 more test cases (1 day)
- William
  - Finish training-related functions and begin integration with an existing model (2 days)
  - Perform additional feature engineering and evaluate potential models with different features (1-2 days)
- Raghav
  - Finish the Agent (1 day)
  - Review existing prs (1 day)
  - Create(and test) endpoints for ML pipeline - make move, train, etc (1-2 days)
  - Work with team to figure out and then work on what features we want to input to our model (1-2 days)

## Progress and Issues
- Mason
  - Progress:
    - Set up code coverage testing
    - Wrote PGN file parser (PGN is a file format used to store info about a chess game) and test cases
    - Wrote code to store PGN data in the database
  - Issues/Blockers:
    - Still figuring out how to properly use MongoDB and Pymongo
- Danyuan
  - Progress:
    - wrote code and created a PR for ML main
    - wrote code and created a PR for ML evaluation
  - Issues/Blockers:
    - ran into some issues with trying to do main for the ML part
    - difficulty figuring out how the data was stored
- Lebam
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:
- Shreyan
  - Progress:
    - Created new, streamlined frontend (simplified from 76 files generated by Figma Make to 1 file)
    - Wrote up proposal plan for new architecture pivot
    - Built the demo for the Beta Release
    - Wrote frontend tests
  - Issues/Blockers:
    - Still need to figure out ML-UI interaction
- William
  - Progress:
    - Finished training-related functions for ML pipeline
    - Performed code reviews on ML-related commits (test files, evaluation code, agent code)
    - Set up basic presentation slides structure and did introduction/motivation slide
  - Issues/Blockers:
    - Modify existing ML code to match updated architecture (1-2 days)
    - Train a model, evaluate it, and connect it to our app for a prototype bot (3-4 days)
- Raghav
  - Progress:
  - Issues/Blockers:

## Questions for the Product Owner 
- 

## Goals for Next Week 
- Mason
  - Finish datbase integratio & provide proper documentation for how to access/use data in the database (2 days)
  - Ensure database is set up to properly store data for multiple users (2-3 days)
  - Assist UI/UX team with sending data from the frontend to the database (2 days)
- Danyuan
  - finish planning for the ML infrastructure pivot (2 days)
  - work with shreyan to get the infrastructure for the new ML plans set up (3 days)
- Lebam
- Shreyan
  - Help create training script for new architecture (3 days)
  - Convert frontend UI to desktop app for gamma release (2 days)
- William
- Raghav
